TO-DO LIST (no particular order):

1. Create NASDAQ Class

2. Create NASDAQ Frame & ActionListener
	A. Create NASDAQ Portfolio frame (either in NASDAQ or Customer class)

3. Create Bond Class
	A. Each bond object has to take in date as a parameter

4. Create Bond Frame & ActionListener
	A. Create Bond Portfolio frame (either in Bond or Customer class)

5. Account
	A. Add a Securities account
		i. Bond objects (?), Stock objects(?) 

6. Customer:
	A. Can have multiple checking and savings accounts

7. Customer Frame:
	A. Add securities account button to click if the account has more than $5,000 & if you already have a securities account, then the button goes away
	B. Add a list of trade histories (the securities version of transactions)
	C. Add a trade history frame (like transaction history but calls the Bond and the Stock toString() 

8. Bank Manager:
	A. Can call the stock and bond portfolio frames to view for a certain customer

9. Create an abstract trade class (or an actual trade class that can buy and sell):
	A. Add a Buy class
	B. Add a Sell class

10. Bank:
	A. Cannot be a 1 day bank, so unless you press Shutdown on the main bank frame, it will keep it open (or unless you hit close on the program) - if you close the program, it can't keep all of these values, can it?


11. Create the DB


12. Misc.:
	A. Change withdraw and deposit frames to accept a string as a currency instead of buttons
	B. Change currency to accept lower and uppercase values as valid (case insensitive)
	C. Update view account summary to show options for viewing portfolios if they have  a securities account (error throw if they don't have any bonds or any stocks, or conditional the buttons for bonds or stocks in the securities account e.g. Customer.this.securities.getBonds().length == 0)

13. Aesthetics
	A. Make big and pretty !
	B. Make the Bank login and create new account prettier

14. B O N U S
	A. Add options for a customer to add collateral that is not already in the linkedList (maybe they got another house idk there's crazier things in this world)